well I am here at scouting grounds with
the Houston Rockets GM daryl morey
talked a little bit about clutch
gaming's entrance into the eSports scene
so I know from your work at the Sloan
analytic Sports Conference that you've
actually been interested in gaming in
eSports for a while maybe you can talk
to me about the road to getting here
let's just note I'm the only team senior
exec at the at the at the scouting
grounds I there's no one from Cleveland
from Golden State for many of these
teams so ya know I've been interested in
a long time obviously I was on the board
of major league gaming and you know
we've I think it's you know I say it all
the time because I think it's true like
the the three dominant sports in the
future are gonna be soccer basketball in
eSports so and Y League of Legends is
the first thing into the space for you I
mean it's it's not even close I mean
it's it's the game obviously has you
know almost double or more than double I
forget Sebastian's got all the data yeah
then the next the next sport so you know
if we were gonna do it we're gonna do it
right we're gonna do it in the dominant
game and and show what we can do what
has the timeline been like for this
because I I'm curious how far back were
you interested in getting involved in
all this stuff on the for the Houston
Rockets side and all that kind of thing
yeah a long time obviously again you
know I was with Major League Gaming we
then were internally poking around for a
while and and then we decided hey if we
really want to do this right we got to
bring someone in who's working on it
full-time and that's when we hired
Sebastian Park who had run a team
previously so he was a grizzled veteran
in this space and we brought him in
about exactly almost a year ago and to
be here one year later with a team and
the best the best league and the best
sport East Board is pretty exciting well
as you mentioned at the start of this
you are the only senior exec from the
yeah from the NBA here at the event why
is that why are you the guy why did you
decide to come out here obviously you
have a team that can handle this stuff
but what really motivated you to come
check it out well I think it's you know
the draft is really important
living talents really important we're in
this for the long haul we really take
care of our players and I thought it
would be you know be I mean this is a
historic draft so I think everyone here
is gonna remember we're here I think you
know you go back to 1958 in the NBA and
everyone who is there probably remembers
been at the first you know the first
draft in the NBA so I wanted to be here
for sure what are the difference is that
you have seen as somebody so integral to
the NBA here with eSports and and league
of legends and just kind of broadly
speaking competitive gaming I think we
don't know the difference so that's
what's exciting actually it's
frustrating because you know in the NBA
we feel like we've got a good handle on
do XYZ and execute this plan and that
will win with eSports we've done a ton
of work Sebastian and his team have done
a ton of work to develop a model for how
we want to run how we want to use data
how we want to do have great coaching
but the reality is we don't we don't
know we just got a great really well
informed hypothesis of how we want to
run things and we're gonna have to see
how it works and and I promise you in a
year we're gonna feel like we didn't
know anything right now and I think
that's key is to know you go in saying
hey we're gonna learn a lot here and
then revise our plan going forward I've
had the opportunity to ask a couple
people this question but no one's so
closely integrated with the NBA we've
seen so much involvement recently from
members of the NBA or teams or you know
various entry points but why is it that
we're seeing so much crossover between
the NBA and eSports specifically I think
the NBA has always been the most
forward-thinking league with Adam
Silver's the Commissioner who's you know
he was at the the first MIT analytics
conference we were talking about that
he's always been at the forefront I
think MBA teams are also have also been
bought by younger you know more
aggressive owners and you know with
Tillman 42 who's our new owner who's had
a history that and just really put all
his support into this team I think I
think that's why you see the NBA and I
think there's a lot of synergy to you
know five players five players
and you know it's it's and you just get
to see the players we're the only sport
where the players are the centerpiece
and that's what we're gonna do in our
sport as well the players for our team
are gonna be the centerpiece so any any
player out there who's thinking about
which team you know we're we are look at
our NBA record we're gonna make that
we're gonna be the best place for
players to land in any sports very very
good well hey at the end of this
interview is there anything you want to
say to rockets fans that are interested
and maybe supporting your team here
League of Legends fans that are curious
about what clutch gaming is gonna be
anything you want to say to any of the
fans out there yeah I would say clutch
games where it's at if you like red
we're the team you know we're gonna take
an approach that's gonna win over time
we've shown that in the NBA we have the
second best record in the league you
know since I've been there and and even
if you could look farther back our team
is all about winning our team is all
about the players being centric and and
the fans being centric to our team so
follow us on twitter at clutch gaming
and and see you at the arena well thank
you so much for the interview really a
pleasure to to interview you here and
meet you and see you involved in the LCS
for when else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here
hello everyone this is Travis cafard and
thank you so much for supporting me here
on my youtube channel where I do lots of
interviews and videos if you would like
to support me more you can check me out
in the description below thank you I
sounded like Squidward I think you sound
like Squidward to me